OK.
Awesome.
We have our browser now.
Well I believe I told you that we need it.
Also a text that are so we can put our good old friend Google right now already since it is on our machine
to use and we can just search for the Visual Studio code.
Again same old spiel.
Can just say Visual Studio code.
Well we're not going to be looking for a logo.
We're going to be looking for a visual studio called.
As this is going to be the first link that pops up.
So again bravely without hesitation we just had over here.
And as you can see it tells me right away what operating system are man.
And it says well here is the download buddy.
OK.
So I'm just gonna click it over here.
So this is gonna start my download again.
The installation package is gonna be available to us in a second and again obviously if you're using
different operating system they will going to provide you with a proper installation package for your
operating system.
Now here you can see that this would be my download so I can just open it over here and once I have
it right next to Google Chrome I have my visual studio code.
Now again the same old spiel I would just need to grab this and just drag and drop it in my applications
so I'm done with getting my visual studio code.
And again the same thing with any applications out first find the Visual Studio code and I'm going to
open up over here.
Now let me first of all maybe close this.
I don't need the actual browser open.
And again it will going to ask you Are you okay with this.
Well obviously we are since we want to work with this.
And before we do anything again I'm going to keep this in the dark.
I'm just gonna say options and keep it in the dark.
Now once we open up the Visual Studio code and you know what let me just make this bigger so it's all
a bit easier to see.
We all got to be met by welcoming string my own welcoming screen we have few options we can open up
new file in the folder and as you can see we can also customize this.
Now this is gonna be the first time when you are actually downloading Visual Studio code obviously all
not gonna have the recent project.
The only reason I do is because I had to reinstall the Visual Studio code just so we can go through
all the steps together.
Now I'm not going to spend tons of times right now on Visual Studio code because I would like to get
us up and running and actually create our first webpage.
I do want to show you know the general workspace.
So let me close this personal and as you notice these icons right.
So we have at the very top this is where we're gonna be working with our files.
So as you notice I'm opening this up and this is going to be the space where all gonna be doing most
of our work.
In fact all the woodwork and this would be our file structure so whatever that is going to be folders
files or images or anything like that.
This is gonna be within this tab all here within the sidebar.
Now next we have few other things few other icons that we're not going to use right now.
Let's say search throughout documents and we also have for the source control which will we get as well
as debugging.
Now again we're not gonna cover them right now because we're not going to use them or they will gonna
be something useful which is extensions meaning with every text that you basically have capabilities
of adding more features to a text header and we're gonna do that actually in a second but for now just
remember that these would be basically the extensions that you have available.
So as you can see here recommended but for now you shouldn't have any extensions installed if you obviously
just downloaded the Visual Studio code.
Now if you'd like to search for extension again you can just type whatever extension we're looking for.
And obviously this is not going to come up with anything but let's say we're going say javascript and
this is going to bring me all kinds of extensions.
Now last but not least regarding Visual Studio code something that will gonna be an important especially
later on as we're gonna be working a little more and more with Visual Studio code.
It's the settings.
So if you click on this cog all the way in the bottom notice it's gonna give us settings now settings
allow us to customize the works.
So let's say we want a bigger font size so I could change this from 12 to let's say 22.
If I would want a different tab size again we can just change this around and what I'm trying to tell
you is that has the Morial gonna be working with your actual texture.
There's going to be times when you're changing your settings to adjust whether that's gonna be an extension
or just or your personal preference.
Now also the settings are in fact in adjacent object.
So this would be a basically graphical interface how we can work when the settings are worried let's
say I'm going to change the setting from font size let's say I'm gonna say that this is gonna be twenty
two and once I make the change the changes are gonna be automatically saved however there is also an
option for the adjacent object and within Jay some object notice something interesting.
So now these would be my settings as you notice I change it from whatever it was initially to let's
say 22 so far.
One add something else.
I'm going to say I don't know that there's a setting for the font is going to be something like 30.
Now in this case I would need to save it.
So I have few options either I can go here and just look for a file and check this out that I can actually
save it or I would have to use the shortcut and that would be command and ask again if you're working
on Windows that probably would be control and as but since this is the Mac I'm just going to say that
this would be commanded.
Now in my case again I'm going to delete this because I would like to come back to it within a few videos
whenever we're going to make our first web page already.
But just to let you know that this is where the settings would be located for the Visual Studio called.